docs: pod overrides (#517)
stackabletech/hive-operator: docs/modules/hive/pages/index.adoc

== Getting started

> Follow the xref:getting_started/index.adoc[Getting started guide] which guides you through installing the Stackable Hive operator and its dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the xref:getting_started/index.adoc[Getting started guide] which guides you through the installation of the Stackable Hive operator and its dependencies.
```
